DOCSP-28934: Cleaning up aggregation expressions (#361)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/builders/aggregation-expression-operations.txt

Arithmetic Operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can perform an arithmetic operation on a value of type ``MqlInteger`` or
``MqlNumber`` using the methods described in this section.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

>    :widths: 60 60

Reviewer: Suggestion:

There isn't a good reason to use a total that's not equal to 100. If you want them to be equal, "50 50" is equivalent.

   * - `second() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/mql/MqlDate.html#second(com.mongodb.client.model.mql.MqlString)>`__
     - :manual:`$second </reference/operator/aggregation/second/>`

   * - `week() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/mql/MqlDate.html#week(com.mongodb.client.model.mql.MqlString)>`__
     - :manual:`$week </reference/operator/aggregation/week/>`

   * - `year() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/mql/MqlDate.html#year(com.mongodb.client.model.mql.MqlString)>`__
     - :manual:`$year </reference/operator/aggregation/year/>`

.. include:: /includes/fundamentals/agg-mql-diff.rst

Suppose you have data about package deliveries and need to match
deliveries that occurred on any Monday in the ``"America/New_York"`` time
zone.

If the ``deliveryDate`` field contains any string values representing
valid dates, such as ``"2018-01-15T16:00:00Z"`` or ``Jan 15, 2018, 12:00
PM EST``, you can use the ``parseDate()`` method to convert the strings
into date types.

The ``dayOfWeek()`` method determines which day of the week it is and checks

> if it's a Monday by comparing it to ``2`` using the ``eq()`` method. The

Reviewer: Question:
Does dayOfWeek() actually check both those things? If not, use separate sentences to separate the subject.

``"Anerica/New_York"`` parameter specifies which number corresponds to

> Monday.

Reviewer: Question:
Doesn't the America/New_York parameter specify the time zone, not "which number corresponds to Monday"?

Author: It's actually a thing that specifies which day is 1 - whether the week starts on Sunday or Monday.

     - *No corresponding operator*

   * - `isDateOr() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/mql/MqlValue.html#isDateOr(com.mongodb.client.model.mql.MqlDate)>`__
     - *No corresponding operator*

   * - `isDocumentOr() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/mql/MqlValue.html#isDocumentOr(T)>`__
     - *No corresponding operator*

   * - `isIntegerOr() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/mql/MqlValue.html#isIntegerOr(com.mongodb.client.model.mql.MqlInteger)>`__
     - *No corresponding operator*

   * - `isMapOr() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/mql/MqlValue.html#isMapOr(com.mongodb.client.model.mql.MqlMap)>`__
     - *No corresponding operator*

   * - `isNumberOr() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/mql/MqlValue.html#isNumberOr(com.mongodb.client.model.mql.MqlNumber)>`__
     - *No corresponding operator*

   * - `isStringOr() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/mql/MqlValue.html#isStringOr(com.mongodb.client.model.mql.MqlString)>`__
     - *No corresponding operator*

> Suppose you have a collection of rating data. Early versions of the reviews
> allowed users to submit reviews without a star rating. You want to clean up

Reviewer: Suggestion:

Seems unnecessary to mention multiple prior versions (plural). Also, it might be helpful to identify what it was a version of.

```suggestion
Suppose you have a collection of rating data. An earlier version of the reviews schema
allowed users to submit reviews without a star rating. You want to clean up
```

the data, and convert any reviews without a star rating to be the minimum
value of 1 star.

> The ``isNumberOr()`` method returns either the value of ``originalNumber``, or

Reviewer: Question:
Should this be "originalRating" to match the example? If not, I think it needs some context/description or will otherwise confuse the reader (like it did to me).

Author: Whoops. Nice catch!
